<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="Open-Virtual-Appliance-OVA-configuration-requirements">
    <title>Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) configuration requirements</title>
    <abstract> IBM StoredIQ is deployed as virtual appliances and is supported in VMware ESXi 5.0
        (all fix pack levels) or VMware ESXi 6.0 (all fix pack levels) environments. You must have a
        virtual infrastructure that meets the IBM StoredIQ hardware requirements.</abstract>
    

    <conbody>
        <div>
            <ul>
                <li> Application stack <ul>

                        <li>vCPU: 2</li>
                        <li>Memory: 4 GB</li>
                        <li>Storage: <ul>
                                <li>Primary disk (vmdisk1): 21 GB</li>
                                <li>Data disk (vmdisk2): 10 GB</li>
                            </ul>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>Gateway server <ul>
                        <li>vCPU: 4</li>
                        <li>Memory: 8 GB</li>
                        <li>Storage: <ul>
                                <li>Primary disk (vmdisk1): 100 GB</li>
                                <li>Data disk (vmdisk2): 75 GB</li>
                                <li>Swap disk (vmdisk3): 40 - 100 GB</li>
                            </ul></li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>DataServer - Classic <ul>
                        <li>vCPU: 4 <p> Even though increasing the number of vCPUs increases
                                performance, the actual benefits depend on whether the specific host
                                is oversubscribed or not. </p>
                        </li>
                        <li>Memory: 16 GB <p> While the minimum value works under light-load
                                condition, as the load increases, the data server quickly starts
                                using swap space. For high load situations, increasing RAM beyond 16
                                GB can benefit performance. Monitoring swap usage can provide
                                insight. </p>
                        </li>
                        <li>Storage: <ul>
                                <li>Primary disk (vmdisk1, SCSI 0:0): Default is 150 GB <p> This
                                        virtual disk has an associated VMDK that contains the IBM
                                        StoredIQ operating code. Do not change its size. <hazardstatement>
                                            <messagepanel>
                                                <typeofhazard>Attention: If you delete the primary
                                                  disk, you delete the operating system, and the IBM
                                                  StoredIQ software; the virtual machine might need
                                                  to be scrapped.</typeofhazard>
                                                <howtoavoid/>
                                            </messagepanel>
                                        </hazardstatement>
                                    </p>
                                </li>
                                <li>Data disk (vmdisk2, SCSI 0:1): Default is 2 TB <p> This virtual
                                        disk can be resized according to expectations on the amount
                                        of harvest data to be stored. For purposes of estimation,
                                        the index storage requirement for metadata is about 30 GB
                                        per TB of managed source data. Full-text indexing requires
                                        an extra 170 GB per TB. Therefore, the default data disk
                                        size is targeted for managing 10 TB of source information.
                                    </p></li>
                                <li>Swap disk (vmdisk3, SCSI 0:2): Default is 40 GB <p>When under
                                        load, the data server can use much RAM; therefore, having
                                        ample swap space is prudent. The minimum swap size is equal
                                        to the amount of RAM configured for the virtual machine. For
                                        best performance under load, place this disk on the highest
                                        speed data store available to the host.</p>
                                </li>

                            </ul>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>The general size limits for a data server are 150 million objects or 500
                        defined volumes, whichever limit is reached first. Assuming an average
                        object size of 200 KB equals about 30 TB of managed storage across 30
                        volumes of 5 million objects each, the index storage requirement for
                        metadata on ~30 TB of storage that contains uncompressed general office
                        documents is ~330 GB (11 GB per TB). Add 100 GB per TB of managed storage
                        for full-text or snippet index. For example, to support 30 TB of storage
                        that is indexed for metadata, you need 8 TB indexed for full-text search and
                        extracted text (snippet cache) of 8 TB for auto-classification. A total of
                        1.9 TB of storage is required (metadata: 330 GB, full-text: 800 GB, snippet
                        cache: 800 GB).</p>
                    <p> Data-server performance is impacted by the IOPS available from the storage
                        subsystem. For each data server under maximum workload, at least 650 IOPS
                        generally delivers acceptable performance. In the situations where there is
                        a high load on the system, the IOPS that is used can reach up to 7000 with
                        main write operations. </p>
                </li>
                <li>DataServer - Distributed <ul>
                        <li>vCPU: 4 <p> Even though increasing the number of vCPUs increases
                                performance, the actual benefits depend on whether the specific host
                                is oversubscribed or not. </p>
                        </li>
                        <li>Memory: 16 GB </li>
                        <li>Storage: <ul>
                                <li>Primary disk (vmdisk1, SCSI 0:0): Default is 150 GB </li>
                                <li> Data disk (vmdisk2, SCSI 0:1): Default is 2 TB </li>
                                <li> Swap disk (vmdisk3, SCSI 0:2): Default is 40 GB </li>
                            </ul>
                            <p>If you deploy this type of data server, you must also deploy an
                                Elasticsearch cluster with at least one node. If you deploy a
                                cluster with more nodes, each of the Elasticsearch nodes must meet
                                the listed requirements.</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>Each Elasticsearch node <ul>
                        <li>vCPU: 1</li>
                        <li>Memory: 32 GB</li>
                        <li>Storage: <ul>
                                <li>Primary disk (vmdisk1): 100 GB</li>
                                <li>Data disk (vmdisk2): 1 TB</li>
                            </ul>
                            <p> The required memory depends on the index size that is handled by the
                                data node. For a better performance, consider increasing the memory.
                                The total memory available to the node must be distributed between
                                the host operating system, the Elasticsearch java heap space, and
                                the kernel file system caches. For example, if the system has 32 GB
                                memory, 2 GB must be allocated for the host operating system, 15 GB
                                for the java heap space, and the remaining 15 GB for the file system
                                caches. </p>
                            <p> The data disk (vmdisk2) can be resized according to expectations on
                                the amount of harvest data to be stored. </p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        <p/>

    </conbody>
</concept>
