<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="solution-components">
    <title>Solution components</title>
    <abstract>IBM StoredIQ provides three solution components: the gateway, data servers, and
        application stack (AppStack).</abstract>
    
    <reference id="gateway">
        <title>Gateway</title>
        <refbody>
            <section>
                <title/>
                <p> The gateway communicates between the data servers and the application stack. The
                    application stack polls the gateway for information about the data on the data
                    servers. The data servers push the information to the gateway. </p>
            </section>
        </refbody>

    </reference>
    <reference id="data_servers">
        <title>Data servers</title>

        <refbody>
            <section>
                <title/>
                <p>A data server obtains the data from supported data sources and indexes it. By
                    indexing this data, you gain information about unstructured data such as file
                    size, file data types, file owners.</p>
                <p> The data server pushes the information about volumes and indexes to the gateway
                    so it can be communicated to the application stack. Multiple data servers feed
                    into a single gateway. </p>
                <p> Data servers can be categorized in two types: DataServer - Classic and
                    DataServer - Distributed. A data server of the type DataServer - Classic uses
                    the embedded PostgreSQL database for storing the index. With a data server of
                    the type DataServer - Distributed, the index is stored in an Elasticsearch
                    cluster. Data servers of this type also provide better performance in search
                    queries. They can manage much larger amounts of data than data servers of the
                    type DataServer - Classic, thus making the IBM StoredIQ deployments more
                    scalable. </p>
                <p> You can have both types of data servers in your IBM StoredIQ deployment. </p>
                <p> In addition to completing standard administrative tasks, administrators can
                    deploy the IBM StoredIQ Desktop Data Collector and index desktops from the data
                    server. </p>
            </section>
        </refbody>


    </reference>
    <reference id="application_stack">
        <title>Application stack</title>
        <refbody>
            <section>
                <title/>
                <p> The application stack provides the user interface for the IBM StoredIQ
                    Administrator, IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench, IBM StoredIQ Insights, and the IBM
                    StoredIQ Policy Manager products. </p>
                <p> The synchronization feature for integration with a governance catalog is also
                    part of the application stack. </p>
            </section>
        </refbody>
    </reference>
    <reference id="elasticsearch_cluster">
        <title>Elasticsearch cluster</title>
        <refbody>
            <section>
                <title/>
                <p> The Elasticsearch cluster attached to a data server of the type DataServer -
                    Distributed provides a single data store for all metadata and content of
                    harvested objects. Indexed data is distributed automatically across the nodes in
                    the cluster. Indexing and queries are load-balanced across all nodes. Nodes can
                    be added dynamically without downtime and the indexing process can use these
                    newly added nodes without further setup. </p>
            </section>
        </refbody>
    </reference>
</reference>
