<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="planning_for_deployment">
    <title>Planning for deployment</title>
    <shortdesc> </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>
            <p>When you plan a deployment of IBM StoredIQ, evaluate several infrastructure
                considerations.</p>
            <p> In addition to the information in this section, review the requirements detailed in
                the IBM Software Product Compatibility Reports (SPCR) tool at: <xref
                    href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity-reports/report/html/softwareReqsForProduct?deliverableId=CC1291B0F4AF11E3ACBD4447721DA353"
                    format="html" scope="external">Software Product Compatibility Reports: StoredIQ
                    7.6 </xref></p>
            <p> If you plan to use IBM StoredIQ for Legal Identification and Collection to create
                and manage data boxes and data requests that are to be fulfilled by IBM StoredIQ,
                also check the system requirements for StoredIQ for Legal at: <xref
                    href="https://www.ibm.com/software/reports/compatibility/clarity-reports/report/html/softwareReqsForProduct?deliverableId=8A0331A0C50D11E58D9C0D684F363D68"
                    format="html" scope="external">Software Product Compatibility Reports: StoredIQ
                    for Legal 2.0.3</xref>
            </p>
        </prereq>

        <context>
            <p><b> Generate customized reports with the SPCR tool</b></p>
            <p> Go to the page at Software Product Compatibility Reports to create a high-level
                report for supported operating systems, related software, hypervisors, and supported
                translations for any product. You can also create an in-depth report to get detailed
                system requirements, hardware requirements, and end of service information for each
                product. You can search for a product in all of the report types and reports are
                generated based on your query values. </p>
            <p> The following report types are the most commonly generated reports from software
                product compatibility reports: </p>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Detailed system requirements</dt>
                    <dd>When you select your product version for the detailed system requirements
                        report, you can set a report filter for <b>Operating system platforms</b>,
                            <b>Product components</b>, and <b>Capabilities</b>, including
                        prerequisites and support software. After you view the report, you can save
                        it as a URL to generate anytime or download it as a PDF.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Hardware requirements</dt>
                    <dd>When you select your product version for the hardware requirements report,
                        you can set a report filter by the <b>Operating system families</b> option.
                        Set the operating system filter by selecting some or all of the operating
                        systems that are supported by your product. After you view the report, you
                        can save it as a URL to generate anytime or download it as a PDF. </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>End of service</dt>
                    <dd>The end of service report shows the service window of the products that you specify over an eight- year span. For example, you can find out when your product is scheduled to go out of service.
                    </dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </context>

        <steps>
            <step>

                <cmd> </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>

</task>
