<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="Glossary">
    <title>Glossary</title>
    <glossentry id="aa">
        <glossterm>Application stack</glossterm>
        <glossdef>An application stack is a suite or set of application programs that help in
            performing a certain task. These applications are closely linked together and data can
            be exported or imported among them with minimum steps.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="ab">
        <glossterm>Auto-classification</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Automated document categorization, what IBM StoredIQ refers to as auto-
            classification models, integrates the IBM® Content Classification's classification model
            into the IBM StoredIQ infoset-generation process. Data Experts can use IBM Content
            Classification to train a classification model, which is then registered with IBM
            StoredIQ Administrator. The registered classification model can be applied to an
            existing infoset in IBM StoredIQ Data Workbench to generate new metadata for the objects
            in the infoset. Metadata can be used in rule-based filters to create new infosets.
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="ac">
        <glossterm>Cartridges</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Cartridges are compressed files that contain analysis logic. When you add a
            cartridge to IBM StoredIQ AppStack, it can detect new data in documents during indexing
            and make these new insights searchable. For example, a sensitive pattern cartridge can
            enable IBM StoredIQ to detect passport numbers, phone numbers, and other IDs.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="ad">
        <glossterm>Connector API SDK</glossterm>
        <glossdef> A connector is a software component of IBM StoredIQ that is used to connect to a
            data source such as a network file system and access its data. Using IBM StoredIQ
            Connector API SDK, developers of other companies can develop connectors to new data
            sources outside the IBM StoredIQ development environment. These connectors can be
            integrated with a live IBM StoredIQ application to index, search, manage, and analyze
            data on the data source.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="ae">
        <glossterm>Database server</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A database server is a server which uses a database application that provides
            database services to other computer programs or to computers, as defined by the
            client–server model.</glossdef>

    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="af">
        <glossterm>DataServer - Distributed</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The Distributed Data Server (DDS) provides the ability to serve multiple clients
            in a single-server address space. This capability is used, for example, by RMF™
            PM.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="ag">
        <glossterm>DataServer - Classic</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A Classic data server runs in its own address space. The Classic data server
            performs all data access. </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="ah">
        <glossterm>Gateway</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A gateway is a node (router) in a computer network, a key stopping point for data
            on its way to or from other networks. Thanks to gateways, we are able to communicate and
            send data back and forth. The Internet wouldn't be any use to us without gateways (as
            well as a lot of other hardware and software).</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="ai">
        <glossterm>IBM StoredIQ Insights</glossterm>
        <glossdef>IBM StoredIQ Insights provides dynamic and interactive filtering for your data
            with easy access to all metadata and instant plain-text preview of document content for
            full-text indexed volumes.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
